Israeli Special Forces last week rescued
two of the hostages kidnapped on October
the 7th by Hamas they were being held in
southern Gaza in the city of Rafa there
was huge relief for the families of
60-year-old Fernando Simon Maron and
70-year-old Lou har but the military
raid to free them reportedly left more
than 70 people dead and dozens wounded
the BBC special coros one at fergal
Keane has been hearing the stories of
civilians and Medics caught up in a
night of fear his piece contains
distressing
details they were rescued from here the
two Israeli hostages that were kidnapped
by Hamas on the massacre of October 7th
are now
home this is the story of the price paid
by the civilians of Rafa on the night of
February the
12th the rescue began around 145
a.m. by the time the hostages were safe
more than 70 people were reported killed
a high number
civilians in this house a doctor from
medisan San Frontier lay across her
children to protect them she's asked to
remain
anonymous voice messages to colleagues
afterwards convey her
horror on our home I found pieces of
human flesh
we found a whole L Lim belong to a human
that we don't know who he is when I saw
the pieces of the Flesh on the floor I
cried some of the Wounded were brought
to an international field Clinic
bilateral utation Dr Javed Ali from
Pakistan has worked here for the last 2
months it was very close to the hospital
the windows and the doors were were
rattling it was extremely scary all in
all we saw more than 20 patients a lot
of uh women and children were trying to
come and seek refuge in the
hospital it is in the stories of
individual families that the impact of
the raid is most painfully expressed
noara al- Nar is a mom of six and
pregnant with a seventh child she woke
after being injured by an
explosion
noara remembers Happy Days with Abad Al
Rahman 32 years old when he was
killed here some of the couple's
children in hospital on the night their
dad
died 12-year-old Somaya treated for
minor physical wounds but traumatized
and 13-year-old Malak who lost her eye
in the
raid
Israel accuses Hamas of using civilians
as human shields in a statement to the
BBC the IDF said it was committed to
mitigating civilian harm military
lawyers advise so strikes complied with
international law commanders analyze
take into account expected military
advantage and the likely collateral harm
to
civilians
the war goes on civilians like Abed Al
Rahman keep being killed in the voice
message of the msf doctor a sense of the
despair felt here this message mean
nothing to a lot of people and will
change nothing and to be honest the one
who died is the one who's lucky the one
who lived to suffer again and again and
again who the one have been cursed and
abandoned by all people but the memory
of their father will endure for all of
their lives Ferg Keen BBC News
Jerusalem